a. Agile is more adaptable to constantly adjusting scope and expectations since you can adjust
goals per sprint to accomodate to the customer. It brings constant value to a customer since each 
sprint aims to ship real features.

Scope can creep over time with sprints and lose sight of what the
customer needs, creating a backlog of tasks that can become unrelated to what is needed. Since sprints are short
and adaptable, there is low predictability, which makes long term planning harder compared to the waterfall method.

b. The product owner is the one who actually manages the implementation of a project. They handle things like
releases, direction for the team, and managing stakeholders. The scrum master is concerned with only the 
scrum related tasks. Which includes working with Jira, tooling, managing and facilitating sprints and related meetings.
So they should be making sure the state of a project on Jira matches reality.

c. 
1. Sprint planning meeting. Determines what will happen and be done in the next sprint. This involves deciding
what from the backlog will become part of the sprint. Then story points should be assigned and the sprint must be started.
2. Daily scrum or standup. This is a short daily meeting where all members of a team will briefly discuss work they have done,
work they plan to do, and any blockers that they may need help with.
3. Sprint retrospective meeting. This occurs at the end of a current sprint. Discussion of the past sprint and
moving of uncompleted work back into backlog. At the end of this meeting the current sprint should be closed.

d. Epic are larger pieces of work for a project that can be broken down into smaller pieces. These can be tasks or
stories. A story represents some real value to either an end user or a customer. They are often named in a way that 
reflects on the customer/user wanting a feature. A task is a more internal facing feature, like tooling, that does not
directly get seen or used by the end user. A bug is a type of task that denotes an issue, often with another story or task.